[mini] Update doc on ionization (#1068)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/running_cpp/parameters.rst

    Whether or not to use OpenMP threading for particle initialization.

* ``<species>.do_field_ionization`` (`0` or `1`) optional (default `0`)
    Do field ionization for this species (using the ADK theory).

* ``<species>.physical_element`` (`string`)
    Only read if `do_field_ionization = 1`. Symbol of chemical element for
    this species. Example: for Helium, use ``physical_element = He``.

>     Elements up to atomic number Z=86 (Radon) are supported, let us know if you need higher Z.

Reviewer: Maybe the suggestion can be even more specific
```suggestion
    Elements up to atomic number Z=86 (Radon) are supported. Please open an issue on GitHub, if you need higher Z so we can implement them.
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't the highest Z=18 and we add some noble gases on top?
https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/blob/master/Source/Utils/IonizationEnergiesTable.H#L41-L44

>     Elements up to atomic number Z=86 (Radon) are supported, let us know if you need higher Z.

Author: ```suggestion
    Most common elements are available (Z=1 to 18 as well as Kr, Rb, Xe, Rn), and other elements can be added.
```
